#Modern technology: saving our time or wasting money ?

It is indeed true that modern technology, like most things, has its negative and
positive sides. Whilst many newly discovered devices make our lives easier and
more valuable, they sometimes seem to isolate us and make us numb to the beauty
and vitality of the world.

Take, for example, the internet: Its usefulness is, I believe, undisputed; but
how often do we find ourselves enthralled by it, happily (?) wasting hours of
our time in unproductive tasks without even noticing, while life passes us by.
Nothing of value is retained from this experience; all but the sensation of
vague contentedness is forgotten, due to the highly distractive nature of the
web.

Another device that shields us from real life, rich of passions and genuine
sensations, is, I believe, the smartphone. It has become a most common sight, a
group of teens sharing a table and only the table, for their attention, eyes and
whole mind has been singularly captured by The Smartphone.

Of course, both this devices can be used in positive or negative ways, but they
do seem to lead people, especially if young, toward isolation from real, face to
face relations, in favor maybe of virtual ones.

There are though tools born from technological progress whose service to
humanity cannot be understated: the M.R.I. scanner and the train, just to make
two examples. I can't envision a scenario where this machines wouldn't help us
leading a longer and happier life and knowing more about the world and getting
closer to different people and cultures, respectively.
